Add announcement for sunsetting PyPy (#2259)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: news/2024-08-10-sunsetting-pypy.md

# Sunsetting PyPy support

> TL;DR: We are planning to remove all PyPy builds in conda-forge in a few weeks,

Reviewer: The original makes it sound like packages will be removed, I think the intention is to stop building new PyPy packages, correct?
```suggestion
TL;DR: We are planning to stop building new releases of packages for PyPy and
remove PyPy from conda-forge feedstock recipes in a few weeks,
```

Author: This is a good clarification, thanks. I'm just too packaging-brained, where "builds" are obviously new (because we don't ever remove artefacts).
